Tina Marie: Hello!
Dan: Hello! Hello!
Dan: How are you sure?
Dan: Oh, rocket number one.
Tina Marie: What'd you say?
Dan: Rocking and rolling.
Tina Marie: Oh, with in and out audio. That's what you're doing.
Dan: With what.
Tina Marie: In and out, audio.
Dan: Oh, you know I'm gonna
Dan: get off the Wi-fi, and that should fix it.
Tina Marie: Good.
Dan: Yeah, yeah, that's the weird thing you would think it would like, hey? No.
Dan: you think we'd somehow know how to manage?
Dan: No, no.
Tina Marie: Better signal.
Dan: Hey? Hey?
Dan: Hey?
Dan: If
Dan: okay, that was a first.st
Tina Marie: What?
Dan: The neighbor's dog just came out of nowhere to this fence.
Dan: and then they all went ballistic on each other.
Dan: Okay, come here.
Dan: Like yeah, that was good.
Tina Marie: We're not having it today. Huh?
Dan: No, I mean, I was like, thank God, there's a fence there.
Tina Marie: I don't need these 2 freaks.
Dan: They!
Tina Marie: But.
Dan: That's but that's the 1st time it's ever happened.
Tina Marie: Wow!
Tina Marie: Let's see one second
Tina Marie: Oh, do you know yet what you're doing with Mariel?
Dan: Nope, she wants to go over to the studio for something not really sure. Why.
Tina Marie: Oh, that's cool! Does she like to do music? I thought that was mostly an Evelyn thing.
Dan: Well, that's why Denise, like texted me this morning like I didn't see it.
Dan: and she comes back, and she's like, I'm surprised you're not like running down the street. I'm like, what are you talking about?
Dan: So did you get my text? I'm like, no.
Dan: she's like, Mariel wants to go to the studio today?
Dan: She specifically asked, and I go. Oh, why, she's like, I don't know. Well, she said something about singing. And I was like.
Dan: really, so yeah, I don't know why.
Dan: That's awesome. We'll find out.
Dan: Yeah. It's the 1st time anyone's ever asked
Dan: or out of the 2 of them.
Tina Marie: That is very cool, though.
Dan: I know. But what's funny is, she wouldn't ask me.
Tina Marie: I almost spit out my drink on my keyboard.
Dan: I'm like, why is she asking you like she's like, I don't know.
Tina Marie: So yeah, so she's a little shy.
Dan: I think she wants to practice or something, because she's really.
Dan: I think she's really she's joining a new theater group.
Dan: and I think she really wants to get apart.
Dan: so I think she wants to practice singing, and she won't do it at home.
Dan: and so no one will be there. She'll probably kick me out.
Dan: She'll probably like thanks later or or put me in the other room. But whatever
Dan: So this new theater thing, the theater. She was just in
Dan: the season, just ended on Friday on Saturday.
Dan: So now it'll be like she's joining this new one.
Dan: and I think she just wants to get a part. So she's gonna
Dan: do and practice some sort of audition piece is my guess.
Tina Marie: That's really cool.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Go ahead!
Dan: I was. Gonna say, she did a thing like in the this last season.
Dan: She didn't get a part, but she did a bit for a song
Dan: from the beetlejuice musical, which I have never seen, but apparently it's really good
Dan: And it was unreal how good she was. I mean, I was floored. I was like, Oh, my God! Like I didn't know she I mean, I kind of knew she could sing. She used to sing when she was a kid.
Dan: but like she nailed it like the acting, the singing like she she can sing, act, and dance like I'm like you are legitimately like a triple threat.
Dan: but it was unbelievable how good she was.
Dan: And then I'm sitting there watching it going.
Dan: They've never practiced together, like I know they haven't. And then, when they were hey?
Dan: And then, when it was over, come here, come here!
Dan: And then, when it was over, I asked her, I go. Did you guys ever practice that together? She's like? No.
Dan: you would have never known.
Dan: And she held it together because he screwed up at 1 point and she fed him the line and I caught it. I was like oh, he forgot his line, but she knew it, and she started the line for him, and then he picked it up. I was like good for you, but then it like breaks out. They both have like a solo section. So then she had to do like a whole solo
Dan: singing part. I was like, God damn.
Dan: I was like, she's actually good. So yeah, it was interesting.
Tina Marie: And she, okay, hold on a second. So she's in between my girl. So she's 16, right?
Dan: She's gonna be 17 next month.
Tina Marie: My gosh!
Tina Marie: Where you guys have the same birthday month.
Dan: Yeah, she's her birthday's the day after mine.
Tina Marie: Oh, my gosh! We might have had this conversation before, but and my family
Tina Marie: me, my brother and sister all are immediately before one of our parents, and it works because we have different parents. But anyway, so my brother is the day before his dad. My sister's the day before our mom, and I'm the day before my bio dad.
Tina Marie: which is not a common occurrence. So anyway.
Dan: No, that's like that's like I have a friend whose kids are the same, their birthdays the same day.
Dan: and they were born like 3 years apart.
Tina Marie: Yeah. And what's crazy, too, is my brother married? He he got remarried last year, and his wife. She only has 2 kids. One of them has my birthday, and the other one has the same birthday as my sister's boy, so she has a child with the same exact birthday as one of his siblings or siblings. Child like
Tina Marie: it's just interesting, like that kind of alignment doesn't really happen. And I don't. You know, I don't know whatever. But there's definitely something to be said to it, because, like, if you've done human design, like of all the things that I had shared with Dexter for personality tests like cause. I was just like, here's a whole like, get to know each other kind of thing. Not that he would do that.
Tina Marie: but like the assessments. But of all the things that he was like, this is exactly you. It was the human design one, and I was like, let me tell you about that.
Dan: Funny.
Tina Marie: Because if you knew what that was, I'm pretty sure you'd have been like. That's bullshit.
Dan: They do?
Tina Marie: But he's like it's creepy. How exactly like that you, that is. And I was like, Well.
Dan: Well, you just ask Chat Gpt who you are, and you're like God damn.
Tina Marie: You know it's funny cause Mark sent me
Tina Marie: Was it yesterday the day before he was like, you know. Ask Chat. Tbt, 10 things about you, and then 10 things about your weaknesses. But I've done that exercise probably like 2 or 3 times now before, and it's definitely always more relative to the most recent conversations, so like when I was doing talking to it about different, like spiritual things, because I was writing or journaling, or researching.
Tina Marie: Half of the answers were God related, and this time none of them were God related. God definitely did not drop in my priority list. Yeah.
Dan: It's it's fallen out of it probably fell out of memory.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: Yep.
Tina Marie: Yeah, anyway.
Tina Marie: so what's what's new this week? What kind of growth enough? I I need to stay focused. But I'm really just super excited about the growth and evolution that is happening with Mariel, that she's just like
Tina Marie: cause having 4 daughters, and knowing the whole phase of like going into the cave for a while, you know, and withdrawing, and also.
Dan: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dan: It's been moving.
Tina Marie: For this like there's a signal. It's like it's like the 1st daffodil of spring, like. All of a sudden the dead time is over like. That's what that feels like.
Dan: Well, yeah, she's like growing her hair out again, too, like she cut all her hair off a couple of years ago. It I mean, just straight up, looked terrible. And and then she like, there's a photo I'm like, Oh, my God, you're gonna hate that photo in 20 years! I hate it now you're gonna hate it in 20 years.
Dan: But like why she cut her hair off like we don't know, like I think she definitely had, like the.
Dan: you know, hit puberty became uncomfortable with her body.
Tina Marie: Yeah, right.
Dan: So she's now growing her hair out again. She's wearing clothes that are. I wouldn't say they're more feminine, but
Dan: they definitely are tighter fitting where for years she wouldn't. She would never wear anything like she would go to her circus class and have like baggy everything on. I'm like, how do you swing on the like? Isn't that a detriment? Don't you need to be like? Wouldn't a Leotard probably be better?
Dan: But then.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: In this recent musical.
Dan: I don't know why they did this, but it was cool shit. They her and a friend
Dan: her and 2 with other girls
Dan: in the thing. They all do silks and lyra. So they she she did
Dan: Lyra thing like the musical is
Dan: little mermaid. So during kiss the girl. They had a whole setup on the side like, not on the stage, but down on the ground next to the stage, lit, and whatever, and she did like a solo Lyra piece during the whole song. And I mean, I didn't know I didn't realize I knew, like Evelyn's super flexible. So is Mariel.
Dan: Just never saw it, but she killed it like she was killing it, and my brother's like oh, my God! She is so intense! But for that she had on yoga pants whatever like tight clothes, and I know they didn't make her wear that she chose to wear it. So there's that she's growing her hair out.
Dan: Denise was at the last show volunteering, and one of the moms came up to her and was like, Oh, like Mariel's, just really came out of her shell. I mean, she's like a different person.
Tina Marie: You know what part of it could be. There's 2 things, and both of them could be true. I'll tell you the things that I've seen in a lot of young women, because, growing up like
Tina Marie: being part of our church community I've just grown up with. I've been there while a lot of young women have grown up. So we get to watch them right talking to their moms and stuff like that. But
Tina Marie: the boy factor, you know, that's that's part of it. Finally, having an interest in boys and wanting wanting the attention after like wanting to hide it. That's 1 thing that can happen. But what is a big thing with siblings is feeling like they're in the shadow of someone else that's bigger energy, and they just don't want to compete or be compared, and so they just kind of withdraw.
Tina Marie: But Evelyn, being gone for a whole year, mostly.
Dan: Oh, yeah.
Tina Marie: That that could be a huge factor, that she might just feel like, you know, there's no competition now. She can just be judged on her own merit. I'm watching that happen with mine, who is all my youngest, has always had tons of
Tina Marie: potential and hugeness, probably more than all of our sisters, but she was always in the shadow, and this last year, like her theater last year it she realized that. Wait a minute. I'm the only one here. I can't believe all these people like me. I can't believe they think I'm great. I can't believe all this.
Tina Marie: And then she just did a pageant she just did like.
Tina Marie: It's the county version of Miss America.
Dan: Yet.
Tina Marie: That feeds into that
Tina Marie: and like it was crazy because I always saw that stuff in here. But she would just
Tina Marie: I don't know she'd do things for a little while, and then, like somebody would say something, and she'd shrink again. So anyway, whatever it is, how fun that she's like finding herself and coming out of her shell. And
Tina Marie: it's it's a bittersweet thing, though, because they go from like the cave to now. They want to be social all the time, and they're still gone.
Dan: Oh, yeah, she's purposefully like, you gotta take me driving. You got to take me driving because
Dan: she wants to join this theater group, and she's like, if I get my driving hours done by my birthday, I can get my license. And then I can just drive myself.
Dan: And I was like, okay, I'm like, I like it. I like it.
Tina Marie: I love it.
Dan: Course I won't have a car, but that's okay.
Tina Marie: But Dan.
Dan: You can't afford. No, no, I'm just saying golf cart.
Dan: I no, I just go back to walking to the office. It's fun.
Tina Marie: And this is why some people that make money keep money, and why most don't whatever, although I did just buy my 1st brand new car, and I've never been like I'm always like that is the stupidest thing in the world. I'd rather buy something with 10,000 miles on it, or something, because it loses value right off the lot.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: But it was crazy all of the things that aligned to like get this particular car.
Tina Marie: And so I'm just like, you know, I feel like I'm just supposed to do this, you know, when there are certain things you're like that's almost eerie. How ding, ding, ding, ding!
Tina Marie: From.
Dan: Really.
Tina Marie: Riding in one of them in an Uber, which is actually the same model as my old car. Except for it's a 2025. It's a Nissan rogue.
Tina Marie: You can't get that tech kind of package for this price. You'd pay like 10 to 15,000, any other model or more.
Tina Marie: But anyway, and then everything from finding it getting to test, drive it. So I, on a trip in Salt Lake, rode in it in an uber, then test, drive it with with Dexter, and we actually found, like the perfect thing. And
Tina Marie: he and I have different interests in cars to the fact that both of us were like this feels awesome rides, awesome love all these things.
Tina Marie: And then I I went to my credit union, and like within minutes get the loan to cover the full thing, and then some because I also had a trade in that, and my car was paid off.
Tina Marie: Anyway, all these different things. Bing, bing, bing, bing! Just happened so fast. And also it happened to be that it was the end of the Nissan year, like, I wasn't thinking about this, anyway, the deal was crazy. I'm just like, you know what I'm gonna do it. And it was only $200 a more a month than what my old car payment had been.
Tina Marie: But my 1st brand new car. Very nice.
Dan: Nice.
Tina Marie: Good thanks, anyways. Okay, so where are we at with the book? And all things? Mom.
Dan: I sent the final stuff for the book to her yesterday, so.
Tina Marie: Sizes or like what's what got added.
Dan: Yeah, it was, I think, 5 5 worksheet checklist things.
Dan: And then the the solution map, or whatever you want to call it.
Dan: So she's gonna add all those today. Probably there was. She ran into a bug
Dan: with designer, and so she opened a ticket. So whatever it's
Dan: it'll be done. She has it all. It's just a matter of the bug was causing a problem. Oh, yeah, she said.
Dan: The table of contents wasn't auto updating, which is supposed to.
Dan: So she's like, just, I'll try it again tomorrow and let you know
Dan: but there's no way to like override it. Otherwise you have to fill out a ticket. So, but they're all added. And then the Toc just wouldn't update
Dan: and then I expanded the glossary to. So she did. But she did that already. She did that the day before. Oh, no, no, she did all at once. I sent her everything she's like. I'll just do it all at once.
Dan: So she tried to do it all yesterday and added it. But the table of contents didn't update.
Dan: So it's it's done.
Dan: I'm calling it done.
Tina Marie: Benito. Yeah, love that. Oh, speaking of what is your travel schedule? When are you going to Italy? Was it Italy? You're going to.
Dan: Yeah, the the we leave on the 13th of June.
Tina Marie: June. Okay.
Dan: And come back on the 25.th
Tina Marie: Let me get that on my calendar, Jan.
Tina Marie: The 25, th so damn out of office. Oh, and
Tina Marie: I gotta edit it so it doesn't like. Make me busy.
Tina Marie: 13th through the 25, th right.
Dan: Yep.
Tina Marie: So that affects 2 meetings.
Tina Marie: And on the week of July first, st I need to. Actually, that won't
Tina Marie: affect you. I'll have all my calls Monday. Okay, that won't affect anything.
Tina Marie: because my sister is flying to Georgia with her boys
Tina Marie: to go visit their dad, and I'm like I will come with you, cause.
Dan: There you go!
Tina Marie: He gets scared. And then I asked Isabel, I'm like you want to go on your 1st plane trip because she's been scared and she doesn't want to go. And I'm like that really sucks, because that means we can't travel. And I really want to travel. So she's like, Yeah, I'll go. So.
Dan: Nice.
Tina Marie: My daughter, her sons, and we're just gonna hop on a plane to Georgia and come right back the next day.
Tina Marie: But that means the only thing that she has to really deal with is that so? Not also a new place, because anxiety and teenage.
Dan: Yeah, yeah.
Tina Marie: You gotta break them in early, you know.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Okay. So talking about the
Tina Marie: like sales tracking. Ca, kind of keep trying to touch on this topic a little bit like
Dan: It won't work.
Tina Marie: Won't work.
Dan: Nope high levels like, Oh, no, it doesn't do that. So Eric had like built it
Dan: so he should. He's on his 3rd version.
Dan: which it should be. We kind of figured out all the plumbing. So I was like, let's get all the plumbing working first, st right? Because we have. We'll have leads coming from
Dan: rock rage, fan, flowy and mom. So I was like we should just put all the sales in in the mom sub account right now it was in rock rage.
Dan: Eric started building it on Fan Flowy. But then then I realized, Oh, no, no, we shouldn't build it there.
Dan: We should build it on Mom. So then he he moved. He was moving it to Mom, like, yesterday yesterday, and probably today or no, yeah, yeah, yesterday. And today. So it's probably done.
Dan: Then, once it's all there, it's like, Okay.
Dan: you can't use the high level widgets. They don't do the function that we need. So then it's like, All right. Where are we going to do this? Are we going to send it all to g sheets? Will that even work? Because then you're dealing with the whole Tag date thing.
Dan: So which I did somewhere.
Dan: Oh, no, no, that is part of the thing. So in theory
Dan: we could send it to a g sheet, or maybe air table, like we have to figure out which one's gonna actually do the thing we want with minimal
Dan: extra shiz, right and not just, and not just a
Dan: shit ton of zaps. I'm like, I do not want to deal with a bunch of zaps.
Dan: So we we just haven't figured that part out. We figured out where to put it. We figured all the plumbing how to route the leads.
Dan: You basically have to have, like each sub account, has to have its own follow up system because the leads are different. Right? A rock rage. Lead is not the same as a fanflow lead like fanflow started getting leads like organically.
Dan: So that was the 1st that's when we were like, Oh, shit!
Dan: When those leads came in. I was like, Oh, shit! We didn't account for this. So then we had to strategicize, and then, knowing the book leads will come from Mom. And then the ads I ran in the past were Mom.
Dan: And then Mark was like we should just put them all in, Mom. I was like, yep. I already got there yesterday. So that's there, and then we will figure out
Dan: how to build the dashboard period. But then you also need to build a dashboard by source. Right? So what's the conversion rate on a rock rage lead? What's the conversion rate on a fanfloy lead? What's the conversion rate on a mom lead?
Dan: So that'll be like the second layer. Once we figure out the 1st layer of just.
Dan: you know, can we track a book called or close.
Tina Marie: Yeah, that really sucks that. You can't do this.
Dan: Big complaint, big complaint from the high level crowd.
Tina Marie: Ha!
Tina Marie: Is there, though, a way to do like wicked reports, integration. So not a Zap just
Tina Marie: connecting things so that wicked reports can put its dashboard in.
Dan: I mean, possibly. But this
Dan: wicked's really more about like tracking back to ads, which we'll eventually get to
Dan: so wicked, or the other one, so the other one I would use the other one, because they do tags.
Tina Marie: Remind my really, the one.
Dan: I can't think of the name either. But
Tina Marie: I want to feel like it's a woo something.
Dan: No stats something else.
Tina Marie: Oh, wow!
Dan: What it's called. I'm gonna I've literally just looked at it the other day.
Dan: I can see the dude's face. Anyway, I would probably use that because it uses tags, too, and this is very tag
Dan: riven.
Dan: But you can use source, too. That was the other thing we had to work out like, Hey, use tags for this, and we're gonna use the source for when it's an ad, we will, you know, use the source field because Eric started using the source field. I'm like, no, no, no, don't do that. So we work that out.
Tina Marie: I want to ask a question, but I don't want to go there now, but I don't want to forget. Also the the founders, guys and the whole proxy like you.
Dan: Oh, so I hit.
Tina Marie: This will use.
Dan: Yeah, I worked on that.
Dan: I
Dan: we had to wait for the bookkeeper to be done right. And then I hit them up the founders guys and said, Should we wait till the quarters over? And they said, Yup.
Dan: so now the quarter's over, and then I hit up the bookkeeper, I think on Friday, and I was like, Hey, are, is everything reconciled through March?
Dan: She's like, yep, I said. All right.
Dan: I'm gonna hit these guys up, and then they're gonna want some reports.
Dan: Can you run the reports for me? She goes. Yep.
Dan: And then she wrote back, are you getting acquired?
Dan: Actually, I'm not, but in 3 or 4 years, perhaps, so we'll see.
Tina Marie: Okay, just updating my notes.
Tina Marie: Okay.
Tina Marie: So.
Tina Marie: man, yeah, the I'm just thinking about the trajectory of a another 71. And how that changes that conversation, and
Tina Marie: especially the market share increase. I mean, they're the same thing, right? The the Daily revenue increase because there's only only way to increase it would be to take a bigger part of the market share unless the market is growing. But you were saying that it pretty much stays the same right.
Dan: The market's shrinking.
Tina Marie: Oh, the market's shrinking so even.
Dan: It's.
Tina Marie: That you've got a bigger share.
Dan: Yeah. So the market has shrunk, certainly
Dan: in the last 4 or 5 years, like year over year every year.
Dan: But I think there there was like an uptick.
Dan: I think it's sort of reversed a little last year. I mean, we get we get the data late. So I think it reversed the last year that was reported. It reversed slightly.
Dan: But it's I mean, it's it's definitely smaller than when we started 10 years ago. Without a doubt.
Tina Marie: I don't.
Dan: So, yeah.
Tina Marie: So the Cpa market is shrinking.
Dan: Oh, yeah. Totally.
Tina Marie: I mean, I guess that would make sense, especially now with AI and all the tools and automations that have come in the last 10 years, even just as simple as quickbooks.
Dan: No, there's the problem is, they're
Dan: the industry is like, Oh, shit.
Dan: we're going to have a shortage of Cpas. It's a problem.
Dan: The issue is.
Tina Marie: Hi.
Dan: Tina, you can just become an influencer. Why would you go get a Cp. Why would you want to be a Cpa when you can be an Instagram influencer.
Dan: So they're not. People are getting like shitty degrees.
Dan: But there's also the belief that that's now starting to turn around as well that people are now realizing. Hey, these degrees are useless, like I need to. I need to live with a skill.
Dan: So I think
Dan: uptick in people going into Cpa. But it, you know, it takes 4 years for that to show up.
Tina Marie: I also think, and I don't know but but this is what's happening with skilled laborers, because we have the same exact thing happening. Is that less and less people were were getting these skills. And so we've had a shortage of laborers. Well, now, the laborers can make a killing. There are.
Dan: So.
Tina Marie: Money to be made, because supply and demand supply is very little. Demand is huge, and I'm wondering if that's 1 of the motivators, too, for people to go into Cpa again is that they could probably charge more now because the rates that I
Tina Marie: had definitely gone up.
Dan: Well, yeah. And it's it's a professional
Dan: del designation, right? So you're you're gonna you're gonna make money like you can go work at a firm where you can go, you know. Put up your own shingle, or whatever.
Tina Marie: You bet behind your name.
Dan: Yeah, so more and more people are doing it like.
Dan: But again, it will take years
Dan: for like that show up, which is fine. I mean, if we're making more money with less, we'll just make more money with more.
Tina Marie: Yeah, so market. But in the meantime, while the market was shrinking, so were the market holders.
Tina Marie: And so you've got a bigger portion of a market that could be turning around like just thinking about the impact of valuations. And if you did want to sell, you know, because one of your patterns, is
Tina Marie: it not? It's not necessarily wait for stability, but wait for enough stability to know.
Tina Marie: Have a better knowing and understanding of what's real
Tina Marie: versus what it looks like in a snapshot.
Dan: Yeah, so that.
Tina Marie: The valuation, whatever it is, what you know, what you're actually making, what the results of your marketing is. And then also now, in like considering somebody looking at you and paying you like, making sure that you don't give them a gold mine and get paid for a copper mine. Basically.
Dan: Yeah, and it's like, I still gotta do the thing to see how many, exactly how many customers I think we're gonna add, and exactly
Dan: what
Dan: you know increase in market share we will have achieved by the end of the year. And that's the thing, right? So but still I'm gonna start. I started, you know, working on some of the Cpa exam stuff. We've got the dude doing more SEO. And now I got to figure out all the tracking. But
Dan: you know, we're gonna we add.
Dan: we should add on the low end, $800,000 this year.
Dan: I would say it's probably gonna be closer to a million and that's
Dan: like Bobby's hilarious. He's like dude, that's unreal. I go, I know, and we didn't add an employee.
Dan: We didn't add anything. All we did was take stuff away.
Dan: and like we added a new product by taking things away. It's kind of ridiculous.
Dan: and that's the low end. So I'm like, okay.
Dan: if we if we're now gonna be like, you know.
Dan: up in the 4 million area, I'm okay with that.
Dan: And now I do think I can figure out how to know if the Cpa exam thing works, which I mean, it does work.
Dan: So it's sort of like how the stuff with fanflow is working. It's like, okay. It worked. Now go, really. Make it work. Now you can go figure out.
Dan: pipe and then optimize the steps.
Dan: That's it.
Dan: Yeah. Go cuckoo with Gpt and figure it out.
Tina Marie: Man the releases. It's it's just crazy. I really, I need to go build my own wrapper for Openai. So because the latest version 4.1
Tina Marie: is not in Chat Gpt, but it seems to be their best version to date. But it's only through Api access.
Tina Marie: So I want to learn how to build my own wrapper, or like.
Tina Marie: figure out one of the systems and tools to get one. But it's just so interesting because I love learning. I love the pace.
Tina Marie: but it's also crazy like
Tina Marie: I don't know. Maybe the only other comparable time in the world would be the the arms race. But that wasn't nearly as fast
Tina Marie: anyway, the innovation. It's crazy like there's so many implications of
Tina Marie: evolution, of humanity or deevolution depending on how you're looking at it.
Dan: So this buddy of mine yesterday was like, go into chat. Gpt o 3.
Tina Marie: And then type type in this prompt. I'll send you the prompt yes.
Dan: And the prompt was, basically tell me, it's like, from all the things you know. Tell me something you tell you. Tell me something you don't think I know that would help me, or something like that? And the answer it gave was unreal. I then spent a half an hour going. I didn't know that.
Dan: and it mapped out how I can use, how I can better utilize my circle installation to deliver lead magnets. It was nuts. It was nuts. I was like, Wait, what? And then I started talking. Then I was on a 30 min conversation, and I learned
Dan: that you can basically do your own Oauth integration with that, if you have
Dan: the certain level account that we do have with Ninja, because that's all. Hap, that's all. Getting moved to our form is getting moved to circle right now. But
Dan: you can do this. So then you can have like a magic link. So it auto logs them in because it uses if they opt in to your form.
Dan: And then you're using infusionsoft, you basically get infusionsoft
Dan: to pass the login info to.
Tina Marie: That is a requirement for me, for all things.
Dan: Why I call it a magic link, because I knew you'd know what it was. So it just it acts like that. And then they don't have to log into circle, but then on Circle no one can join.
Dan: The only way to get into circle is through your landing pages. The join. Button disappears because you've turned on
Dan: Oauth, only you have to turn on Oauth, whatever. But it was nuts. I didn't know what it was going to talk to me about, and I was like holy shit.
Dan: But
Dan: I this this dude that I follow on Twitter always posts the craziest shit, and then I take it, and I put it in Chat Gpt.
Dan: So I spent an ungodly amount of time yesterday, like hours.
Dan: And I figured out so this dude was talking about like you have to give Gpt context.
Dan: and you do.
Tina Marie: For example.
Dan: And you do it through Json files. And I was like, really.
Dan: So I went down that whole rabbit hole, and then I realized I figured out like how to basically second brain
Dan: Gpt, and then I'm only gonna second brain it around me.
Dan: Mom and ninja, like the only all the work things. And then I created like
Dan: 9 custom gpts. So I asked it. I'm like, what do I do in here that I could do with Gpts, and it was like.
Dan: it's like you shouldn't ever ask me to rewrite something. Make a custom Gpt for that. You should never ask me to do math, make a custom gpt for that. And I was like, oh, that's a really good idea you should. You should never write copy in here
Dan: for something that's not part of the projects that you want to be involved. You should just use, if you need a headline for one of your Google ads for law, or whatever. Don't do it in here because you're going to use up the memory. This is all a way to like optimize their new memory thing. So I made.
Dan: I made Gpts around all that stuff.
Dan: and then it gave me a list of
Dan: So you make a context around yourself. You never make a context they're like, no, you only need a context about you. And then you need knowledge bases. And it's like you talk about all these things. So you need a knowledge base for the star principle. The automatic customer.
Tina Marie: That's where the segmentation comes in. So memory is about you, the way that you think, the way that you operate your values. And then the segment context, so that it has
Tina Marie: I get it is through all the topics. Because I that's the thing that I've learned is that
Tina Marie: the if you give it too much context, there becomes a problem, and it loses things and forgets. So you need to segment. You need to compartmentalize right
Tina Marie: and and really, basically by topic, by function, like the more
Tina Marie: contained. A subject is right. So fanflow is too big of a topic.
Dan: No, it said, it's not.
Dan: It's.
Tina Marie: Well, it has been. It has been so. Maybe maybe that's changed. But just because it says it's not, doesn't mean it's not the so explore with this, and and try it like. Try to make one. That's fan flowy. But then try to make one. That's fan flowy marketing so like in the project instructions. You explain everything that Fan Flowy is for context.
Dan: Well, you can't use projects. So projects have no projects, have no memory.
Tina Marie: Or custom, gpt sorry.
Dan: Have no memory either.
Dan: So what you do.
Tina Marie: And how are you doing it?
Dan: So you put the custom. Gpts are for things that you never want in memory. You just want that ability to like, hey, rewrite this email for me. So right now, I would just start a new thread and do that. And they're like, No, you're putting that into memory. Just here. Let's make a custom Gpt, that's built for you. So it writes all the instructions for it, and then I have rewriter. Gpt.
Dan: So then I go like today I used it 3 times. I just went in there and said, Hey, rewrite this, and then it rewrites it exactly like I want cut and paste, except I didn't use any memory. I just used it in in that isolated area.
Dan: So, then.
Tina Marie: Laptop.
Dan: No. So then, over in your. So if you consider that the Gpts are walled off from memory, but you're still using, you know. Open. AI!
Dan: Then your threads like they're like you shouldn't have
Dan: threads. You should have 3 threads, Dan, mom
Dan: ninja, that's it. Those are your 3 threads, and and they will share memory right? They can talk across each other, or they'll know what's happening in the other ones. But if you only talk about the mom stuff in the mom thread. It will just become smarter.
Dan: We can create. I can create
Dan: knowledge base for you to use in the mom thread. So like at the end of the day. What I figured out was, I need to extract everything out of here that's in memory right now that I want. Put it into knowledge bases, and then go delete all the memory.
Dan: all of it, and then start with those 3 threads and custom Gpts, and that's it. They're like, you will have a second brain, it, will you? You'll be able to talk to yourself. And I was like, Okay, that's a little weird. But.
Tina Marie: Like? Was that a conversation that you could share.
Dan: Yes, it's still. I have not deleted that yet.
Tina Marie: I would love it if you share that with me.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Kids, you know, like, I've learned tons of things and it's helpful. But
Tina Marie: sometimes you kind of trip across like you did case in point an optimization that hasn't been.
Dan: Exactly. What happened? Yeah.
Tina Marie: Yes, and almost all the time. That's what's happened that I trip across the Aha moment. So. And it's almost like it's it's not even triangulation. Because it's multiple data points. I'm coming from this person, this person, this person, because very few people are thinking the exact way you do. But with the context of what you're doing. Even more so like, I have found some a couple of people that think very similarly and operate very similar to how I do. But I'm working on different things.
Tina Marie: right? So. And I have a different skill set. They're all programmers. Every single one of them is a programmer. The finding a programmer who's also very business minded very systems minded with articulation with, you know what I mean like they there's not a lot of those. But I have found a couple so anyway. But
Tina Marie: so I would literally just kind of trip across. Oh, this was is how it's gonna work for me that obviously sounds very smart. But then the other thing is, the features keep changing right? So it's not so much like shiny object and changing platforms.
Tina Marie: But that the platform changed so significantly that the way you interact with it. So anyway, it's crazy. It's
Tina Marie: awesome. But it's also like, I don't know you. You pretty much have to spend hours and hours learning every week to stay on top of it. But the 1st thing that I'm building so is my
Tina Marie: damn it, I just keep watching my blood sugar. I could feel it dropping, and every few minutes it just drops more. It's just like straight line down. Anyway, it feels like caca, but.
Dan: Oh!
Tina Marie: Caca, but my, a 1 c dropped 5 points in the last 6 months. So whoop! Whoop! I'm.
Dan: Dale.
Tina Marie: What was I gonna say? Damn it.
Tina Marie: hold on a second! I have it.
Tina Marie: Oh, it! It's so. So
Tina Marie: I still do want to teach the course thing. My my mom, time has been like
Tina Marie: tripled lately with the girls. And it's okay, though, because, like, they're almost gone. So I'm like giving it all like, if you want to spend any of my time you want to go spend my money. You want to go drive my car like I don't care. Let's go do it because they're almost gone. And I was still gonna love. So I'm not getting to play with it as much as I want to, and it creates a lot of disjointed stuff. And then I have extra work in my mission which actually just makes me really happy. But anyway, context, so
Tina Marie: tube to task, that's the gonna be the name of the product and all it is. It's really simple. And it doesn't even matter. If other people have created a version of it. Because you know
Tina Marie: New Market, you can sell, it doesn't matter. People will still buy who markets. Best wins.
Tina Marie: Yeah, well, and also best is relative to the individual that you're marketing to.
Tina Marie: So voices and things like that. So
Tina Marie: all it is is it will go scrape Youtube. But but you put in the the people that you follow, there could also be another version. But this would be
Tina Marie: an iteration that I don't have to have to make it function. So the people that you follow and it will get their content every single day, and then it will run it through a summarizer which I already have.
Tina Marie: and then the other thing is you can do is you can have that run through a master plan. So for me, I have, I call it my master revenue plan, right?
Tina Marie: So that I can give chat, gpt context like, how does this apply to the master plan. How does this? So instead of having to give it huge context all the time calling it master plan, it knows. Okay, this is, and the other thing I have is prime Directive, and the Prime Directive is everything that we do has to make the next thing easier. So you do 1st things first, st order of operations always like. So if the choices between this or that which one is going to make the next thing faster, which one's going to get us to revenue faster. Blah! Blah! Right?
Tina Marie: So it gets all your content from your Youtube people. It summarizes it. And the summary is standalone like. So it doesn't have to have context. So it will look for all of the value in it and explain it in a way that you know, you basically get the most value out of everything that it's scraped in a good summary, because not all summaries are equal.
Tina Marie: and then it runs it through your system, your values, the things that you're working on and says this is how you could apply it. But the other thing is, it will tell it's supposed to look at the content and go. Are you already doing this based on the AI's evaluation? Right?
Tina Marie: Are you using something better? Or is this something? Basically, should I ignore this? Is this relevant to me? Does it validate what I'm doing? Does it poke holes in what I'm doing? Or is there a way that I could be doing it better, based off of what we just learned in this video.
Tina Marie: And it will just do that automatically. All you have to do in is, go get a report each day of what it learned by scraping everything. So Tube Youtube to task, which is, here's the task of what you would do now with this new content that we learned, and just make it like a lifetime payment, get access to it forever.
Dan: So we're right. So like.
Dan: forget I did this the other day. So it was like, there was some video I'm like, I don't want to watch that. Yeah. So I downloaded it, transcribed it into script, and then I gave it to Gpt and was like, Give me the blah blah. So actually, this is what I did this yesterday as part of my whole project, my second brain project
Dan: I had gpt, I was like, Hey, I want you to give you a transcript. Well, I did 2 things.
Dan: The same dude on. Twitter had this had this other prompt, and it was like the how
Dan: you know, understanding how you learn or a learning analysis prompt.
Dan: So he's like I, he's like, do this, and it will tell you how to learn. But then I, when I was in the Gpt thing, I said, Hey, would running a prompt like this, help this project? And it's like totally
Dan: we can add that to your context, right? So the Dan, it will just fatten out the damn context.
Dan: You know, there's the version I can come up with. But then this will just feed that more data. And I was like, all right. So I did that this morning, and I got that, Jason.
Dan: But I was like.
Tina Marie: Choose Jason, is it because of the size? Because I was using Markdown because Markdown was the smallest that I could find?
Dan: No, because it. The. So you use Markdown for knowledge bases. And you use Json for
Dan: the context because it's struck the data structure. The data structure is what it said. But all knowledge based stuff is is marked down.
Dan: So that's what I was. So I was like, hey?
Dan: So what I want to do now is like it was like it, it knew. Hey, you, you base a lot of stuff off of these books, and it was like Eos, right. It knew it knew.
Dan: And I was like, correct. And it was like, I can create knowledge bases for those right now, and we'll just get it done. And then you can replace them later.
Dan: And I said, Okay, yeah, that's a good idea. Let's do that. I just want to get this stuff built, and then I can. Then I can do it later. And I go. Okay. When I come to do it later.
Dan: You know, I don't want to read the book, and I was like, but I want to make sure that everything from the book gets extracted correctly. And I have Yada Yada Yada, you know, based on.
Dan: And it was like, I need you to write a prompt for that. And it wrote this killer, prompt
Dan: to like, take a book and distill it down. And I was like, Okay, right? And then it will dump it as Markdown at the end of it. I was like, this is perfect. So today I made like a Hermosi. This one other thing I made I made a hormozy Gpt that uses context and knowledge bases, and it's like, it'll be basically the best of both worlds.
Dan: So it's like it, will. You can talk to it as if it's Alex from Mosey, or you can ask it to analyze things based on the knowledge bases that will be both of his books. Right? So I got
Dan: his other book, and I'm transcribing it right now.
Dan: So run both those transcriptions through this prompt get knowledge bases, attach it to that, and then you can use that to say, evaluate this offer evaluate this business whatever based on all this stuff, not because he's great, but just that. I know he's absorbed a bunch of people. So I'm like, I'm not really going through him. I'm going through like a dozen other people.
Dan: but you wouldn't want to clutter your memory with the hormosy shit, which is what I was doing before, like I've uploaded
Dan: so many books into my memory, and it's like, No, no, no, no, don't do that anymore.
Dan: I was like, oh, I get it now.
Tina Marie: I cleaned, and one of the things I had the system do was make sure that the only thing that is in memory is my plan.
Tina Marie: like my logic, my reasoning, my values, and everything else, is supposed to be extracted from memory, and I don't let it add any.
Dan: Oh, you disappeared!
Dan: What's happening?
Dan: You're you're silent. I don't know what's happening.
Dan: Oh.